Loved by many...feared by all. Captain Claw, surveyor of the 7 seas, is perhaps the greatest pirate ever to grace the Animalian Lore Realms. His courage? Legendary. His followers? Loyal to the death. His claws? Well, let's just say that more than a few sailors have permanent reminders of their razor-sharp tips.

Several years ago a proclamation, signed by the King, was issued to the realm. This proclamation read:

For numerous crimes against the Realm, and for the repeated destruction and theft of the property of the Cocker Spaniard Kingdom, and for a complete and utter disregard for the authority of the Crown, a bounty in the amount of 1,000,000 gold pieces is hereby issued for the capture, dead or alive, of Captain Nathaniel J. Claw, dreaded pirate, enemy of the Realm, and known scallywag.

Because of this proclamation, every bounty hunter and magistrate in the Realm has sought to capture the elusive Captain Claw. Many have tried to capture this infamous pirate, but none have succeeded—until now. Claw's ship is overtaken on the high-seas by Captain Le Rauxe, a high-ranking officer in the King's service and a pompous and unscrupulous dog. Subsequently, Claw's ship is scuttled, and Claw and his crew are captured and taken to La Roca, a prison run by the Cocker Spaniards. While imprisoned Claw discovers a letter written by Edward Tobin, a former prisoner executed for crimes against the Crown. Tobin's letter tells of the existence of the Amulet of Nine Lives—a mystical amulet that, according to myth, provides the wearer with near immortality. With his strength and hope renewed by the promise of adventure, Claw breaks out of his prison cell and begins a quest to reclaim his crew and locate the remaining gems for the Amulet of Nine Lives. With a million "golden" reasons to separate Claw from his head, every servant of the Realm will be out to stop Claw from completing his quest. If he fights skillfully, Claw may avoid death and uncover the remaining gems for the Amulet of Nine Lives. With enough luck, ultimately Claw may complete his quest and reassemble the powerful Amulet of Nine Lives.